[Phenzic] - Sage - Unit testing with celo & truffle / Celo's POS consensus (#520)
celo-org/docs: blog/12-24-22-A Deep Dive into Celo's Proof-of-Stake Consensus/A Deep Dive into Celo's Proof-of-Stake Consensus.md

Amongst others, one of the proven efficient and effective means of reaching consensus on the blockchain is using the Proof of Stack PoS consensus mechanism. Which is why the Celo blockchain uses it.

When a transaction is created on the Celo blockchain before it is added to the blockchain ledger it first needs to be validated by the chain’s miners, thus the need for [consensus](https://docs.celo.org/protocol/consensus).

# What is Proof of Stack (PoS)
[Proof of Stack](https://docs.celo.org/learn/celo-protocol#consensus-and-proof-of-stake) is a type of consensus mechanism that adopts the idea of staking coins to earn its node runners the right to validate a transaction before adding it to the blockchain ledger.

When a transaction occurs on a blockchain platform like Celo, there is a need to first authenticate and validate the transaction before adding the transaction to the blockchain permanently. These tasks are usually carried out by the blockchain’s miners and node runners on the Celo blockchain.

> ***Note: Node runners or [validators](https://docs.celo.org/protocol/consensus#validators) are individuals or companies running full blockchain network nodes. They provide the backbone of the blockchain network by providing the infrastructure that allows the network to process transactions and maintain a distributed ledger. Node runners are rewarded for their services with tokens or coins from the network***.

Reviewer: Don't add the whole paragrath in `***`. Just add Note in `***`.
```suggestion
***Note:*** Node runners or [validators](https://docs.celo.org/protocol/consensus#validators) are individuals or companies running full blockchain network nodes. They provide the backbone of the blockchain network by providing the infrastructure that allows the network to process transactions and maintain a distributed ledger. Node runners are rewarded for their services with tokens or coins from the network.
```

Looking back to the technology system before the web3 revolutionary breakthrough, verifying transactions would require a centralized or automated entity that was prone to either time consumption for financial and data forgery for non-monetary transactions and a lot more.

The need for a system like the PoS for the validation of transactions, therefore came as an innovative technological breakthrough.

In a PoS system, the chances of forgery or manipulation of transactions and data would be easily spotted and penalized.

> The PoS means of consensus is one of the important features that make the Celo Blockchain a secure and rewarding platform for developers to build on and validators to manage and get rewarded for.

Reviewer: Add a new line here.

3. **Proof Of Importance (PoI)**: [This](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/33599/proof-of-importance-poi#:~:text=of%20Importance%20(PoI)-,What%20Does%20Proof%20of%20Importance%20(PoI)%20Mean%3F,that%20they%20can%20create%20blocks.) algorithm is also very similar to the Proof of Stake algorithm, In the mechanism rewards are given to effective network users. The algorithm allows a hierarchy of importance based on individuals who have made more contributions to the system and gives them the right to validate transactions on the platform.

4. **Proof of Activity (PoA)**: [This](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-activity-cryptocurrency.asp#:~:text=What%20Is%20Proof%2Dof%2DActivity,miners%20arrive%20at%20a%20consensus.) algorithm is a hybrid of the Proof of Work (PoW) and the Proof of Stake (PoS) algorithms, that allow validators to stake coins as collateral, and also validate blocks using computational decryption and other resources.

> 5. **Proof of Captivity (PoC)**: [This](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-capacity-cryptocurrency.asp#:~:text=Proof%20of%20capacity%20(PoC)%20is,mining%20rights%20and%20validate%20transactions.)system of consensus neither requires a miner si solve cryptographic puzzles like the PoW or stake coins like the PoS, but rather to prove that they have a certain amount of hard drive space to contribute to storing plots of cryptographic hashes for the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Proof of Captivity (PoC)**: [This](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-capacity-cryptocurrency.asp#:~:text=Proof%20of%20capacity%20(PoC)%20is,mining%20rights%20and%20validate%20transactions.)system of consensus neither requires a miner to solve cryptographic puzzles like the PoW nor stake coins like the PoS, but rather to prove that they have a certain amount of hard drive space to contribute to storing plots of cryptographic hashes for the blockchain.
```
